Hi, this is the table set up this all of our
items that you are going to need to apply
the acrylic with artificial tips. Starting
we got the acetone, this is the time you want
to use whenever you want to remove the nails
for soaking it. Next item this is our brush
cleaner, this helps clean all the acrylic
out of the brush, polish remover you know
what polish remover is, it takes your polish
off. This is a container that we are going
to be putting our monomer, monomer over here
is the product you mix with the acrylic powder
that is what makes the nail become the nail
it makes it hard. The next item primer, this
is the product that you put directly on your
natural nail to help all of this to adhere
to it. Next we have our dropper, we have a
nail file, nippers, this helps to trim your
cuticles around the nail, we have nail pushers,
metal and rubber, nail clippers. These are
clippers for the artificial nail, a buffer
block, this is for buffing the nail, this
is our acrylic brush, this is what we use
to apply the acrylic with, our orange wood
stick, this is the brush to dust the nail,
top coat. Top coat is used for after you finish
polish with the polish. Base coat you place
this on the natural nail when you first get
started, oil, this goes around the cuticle
to help soften the cuticle, glue this is what
adheres the nail tip to the natural nail.
Cotton and these are all the supplies you
are going to need to get started.